v5.2.6 (#30415)
mui-org/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

### [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## 5.2.6

<!-- generated comparing v5.2.5..master -->

_Dec 27, 2021_

A big thanks to the 14 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 📚 Many additions and improvements to the documentation were made

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: We could mention it on the last line.

> - 📓 Norwegian Bokmål (nb-NO) locale was added (#27520) @wogsland

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 📓 The Norwegian Bokmål (nb-NO) locale was added (#27520) @wogsland
```

> - 🛠 `useBadge` hook, which is used inside `BadgeUnstyled` was added (#30246) @mnajdova

Reviewer 2: This reads strange, maybe?

```suggestion
- 🛠 Introduced a new `useBadge` hook, which is used inside `BadgeUnstyled` (#30246) @mnajdova
```

> - 🛠 `useBadge` hook, which is used inside `BadgeUnstyled` was added (#30246) @mnajdova

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🛠 Added `useBadge` hook in the `@mui/base` package (#30246) @mnajdova
```

> - And more 🐛 bug fixes and 📚 improvements in general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- And more 🐛 bug fixes and 📚 documentation improvements.
```

- &#8203;<!-- 20 -->[docs] Update to new website domain (#30396) @ryota-murakami
- &#8203;<!-- 19 -->[docs] Fix text from material-ui to @mui to reflect v5 name changes (#30393) @pupudu
- &#8203;<!-- 18 -->[docs] Fix a11y in Menu demos (#30378) @ZeeshanTamboli
- &#8203;<!-- 17 -->[docs] Document how to unmount transition child (#30382) @oliviertassinari
- &#8203;<!-- 16 -->[docs] The current standard for quotes is QUOTATION MARK @oliviertassinari
- &#8203;<!-- 15 -->[docs] Fix 404 links (#30380) @oliviertassinari
- &#8203;<!-- 14 -->[docs] Fix Breadcrumb description (#30307) @jamesmelzer
- &#8203;<!-- 13 -->[docs] Modify injection order for Gatsby and SSR examples (#30358) @ShuPink
- &#8203;<!-- 12 -->[docs] Improve the translation experience (#30373) @oliviertassinari
- &#8203;<!-- 11 -->[docs] Sync translations with Crowdin (#30176) @l10nbot
- &#8203;<!-- 10 -->[docs] Fix link to /size-snapshot (#30363) @oliviertassinari
- &#8203;<!-- 09 -->[docs] Fix incorrect aria label in SpeedDial demo (#30354) @chwallen
- &#8203;<!-- 08 -->[docs] Fix incorrect number of breakpoint helpers (#30353) @chwallen
- &#8203;<!-- 07 -->[docs] Update outdated links (#30260) @oliviertassinari

> - &#8203;<!-- 06 -->[docs] support redirect old urls to /material/* (#30286) @siriwatknp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- &#8203;<!-- 06 -->[docs] Support redirects from old urls to /material/* (#30286) @siriwatknp
```
